very well
no no I'm making love to the
I'm massaging the muscle with the
roll a fairly novel technique that
in English it's called sounds rowling yes
you want to see my whole mobility routine
for the lower train you can find
the link now on the screen and in the
description come start
all right
ah
and good as you see, I'm back in my
new nirvana gym and it's already my
second training here and very
happy with the facilities sometimes
It's hard to adapt to the new ones
gyms because of the customs that
drags one the new people the
feelings with the different machines and
material feeling comfortable but not good
in my case with two workouts I already
I feel at home very friendly and
kind people here well in the
trainings I always like to start
with compound movements here
You see me heating up with two
dishes and now I'm going to show you how much
that I have improved compared to about
three months to your right
You will see what my work series was
with 70 kilos and on the left you will see
now warming up with 80 10 kilos more and
the difference in speed is abysmal
that's why I love the spaces
strength I think they are very
efficient after the two series of
warm up I started with 5 for 5
what with 130 kilos almost double or
practically twice as many as three
months and the truth is that a
little slower than expected but
good thing is that I do not just get used to
to the grip straps and I also hope
my body in a few weeks longer
get used to this frequency of touching the
same muscle almost twice a week
since I'm using a good volume
not here you see me checking the
depth of my squat for
place the bars of the cage that already
I really wanted to use here
my daughter is the only one I've seen
now and it's a station that for me
It should be missing in any gym
can perform countless exercises
with total security and normally
they are even a little higher and even
can perform exercises such as pressure
military et cetera so very happy and
I use it for just 5 for 5
bench press
with the squat some you have
asked about the type of grip or
placement of the bar as mine is the
low bar that I find more secure and
comfortable that the high bar also
Generally, most people
they can usually lift more weight with this
type of placement now you will see from
this angle as I had not calculated well
the depth of my squats
placing the security bars
too high and what happened to
I touched one of them specifically the one
my right and it destabilized me a little
now with this weight nothing happened and I could
finish the series but if it came up
doing my strength series with
quite more intensity and weight
I probably would have gone to a
side but well I can always throw the
back bar for that is the cage there
what a good failure of mine and nothing like
always what I tell you to encourage you to
record them in the gym to see failures
like this one
for in general to be able to perfect
your form in some other
exercise then came the leg press
of pulley that I 'm still not sure
which I prefer if the whole life
western dishes with pulley we'll see with
which I stay and I will tell you saying
feelings that I have with each one what
what I did specifically in this exercise
was to lower and narrow the
positioning of the feet for
try then good to focus on the
part of outside the cadres is like
you will see below in the image that
it is signaled
and the most painful exercise of the day
quadriceps extension here I like
focus the contraction and
truly feel and with manage
that area, I tell you , it worked because that
same day I arrived even late at
I work because I got several pulls
and cramping after overexertion
so I'll have to lower the
intensity in this exercise since if
I'm not going to stay in the street
quiet is that I had not forgotten about
train twins I did an exercise of
standing for the gourmet and another sitting
for the soleus more of the same
high repetitions holding the
shrinkage and little weight because this was
another new machine that I used for
the first time and I loved it
like how you can adjust that support
that is up to the knees that is
can adjust apart from the height the
depth back and forth
without having to move the feet
even this machine has a lever
as you see on the screen that helps you
take out the weight do not use it but good
is there in case you need it very very
happy with this machine also the same
you can see something of the twin there at
through the jean shark trousers but
good something there but very little
now so if the last two
that leg day's exercises
concretely they are going to be exercises of
abdominals the first you see now in
screen is that of the captain's chair
I call him and then you go see the
Abdominal plate in two of the best
exercises that I recommend to get that
six pack those abs those
squares and well the same also I put
the link for the iron tutorial
abdominal if it is interesting
last thing quickly remind you that
I will upload videos soon
posing next to measurements of the parts
of the body so you can see the progression
and difference of two years from now
compete also as you asked me
I will explain in detail my routine and my
workouts but please give me a
little time because before I would like
upload more videos on basic topics
basic notions more recipes give a little
preferably to what can help you
no longer avoid putting the car before
that the horse start from below until
up doing things right by
last again it has been said once
then two thank you very much for all the
support that I am receiving all the
Real messages I love you a lot
we are 610 subscribers right now 44
a thousand visits I'm hallucinating
flipping I'm doing my dreams
reality please any question is
by facebook youtube Instagram
twitter and nothing guys we see the 1 and
24 the night I go to sleep and until the
next video chau a hug